Update CI Visibility documentation (#22273)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/jenkins.md

2. Adding the `datadog` step inside the pipeline script.
3. Configuring the tracer manually.

> For pipelines that spin up a Docker container to execute tests, only option 3 is suitable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For pipelines that spin up a Docker container to execute tests, you can only configure the tracer manually.
```
